W-18366625 multimodal support (#71)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/supported-models.adoc

= Supported Models

IDP supports different Large Language Models (LLMs) including PII masking, and image recognition features. When creating a document action, you can select the model and the settings that best fit your needs. Each model performs differently under various conditions, so choose the one that aligns with your specific requirements.

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a]
|===
| Model Name | Description | Stability | Image recognition performance | Notes 
| Einstein OpenAI GPT-4o 0806 
 | Stable and suitable for most tasks, performing well on documents in non-Latin languages. Can compare font sizes and identify certain font styles.
 |High
 a|* Standard performance and credit consumption
 a|* Ask the model to not make up information as it might hallucinate.
| Einstein OpenAI GPT-4o Mini 0718 
 | High credit consumption when analyzing images and tends to exhibit lazy reasoning. 
 |High
 a|* High credit consumption
 a|* Ask the model to not make up information as it might hallucinate. 

>    * GPT-4o 0806 generally outperforms GPT-4o Mini 0718 in accuracy and reasoning.

Author: If GPT-4o 0806  is better, what's the benefit of using this model?

Reviewer: I haven't done extensive research on this but from some google searches, it seems like besides cost, GPT-4o can be a bit slower and heavier than smaller models. I think it's great for complex stuff, but might be overkill (?) for simpler tasks where something like mini would be faster and more efficient 

@wenqing-wu-salesforce do you have any findings from your testings?

| Einstein GEMINI-20 Flash 001 
 | Best for analyzing images given its lower credit consumption and increased accuracy in this type of documents. 
 a| Standard 
 a| * Low credit consumption
    * High accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
 a| * When extracting sensitive information like SSNs, the model might return a `Got finish_reason SPII from Einstein` error. To avoid this scenario, delete the field or use GPT models to abstract the information.
    * Currently, the GEMINI model does not show an accurate confidence score and is set to 80% by default.
    * For the Einstein generic document action with customized schema, errors such as `LLM Generation was not a valid JSON` might occur. In such cases, create a new generic document action without a customized schema to obtain results.
|===

== Model Errors 

> In some scenarios, the LLMs stop generating a response and provide an error code to understand the reason that caused this behavior. For a complete list of error codes, refer to each of the model provider's documentation: 

Author: ```suggestion
In some scenarios, the models stop generating a response and provide an error code to understand the reason that caused this behavior. For a list of error codes, refer to each of the model provider's documentation: 
```

a| Standard 
a| * Low credit consumption
    * High accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
 | ~6,000 words
a| * When extracting sensitive information like SSNs, the model might return a `Got finish_reason SPII from Einstein` error. To avoid this scenario, delete the field or use GPT models to abstract the information.
    * Currently, the GEMINI model does not show an accurate confidence score and is set to 80% by default.
    * For the Einstein generic document action with customized schema, errors such as `LLM Generation was not a valid JSON` might occur. In such cases, create a new generic document action without a customized schema to obtain results.
|===

== Model Errors 

In some scenarios, the LLMs stop generating a response and provide an error code to understand the reason that caused this behavior. If the error occurs during the execution of a versioned document action, IDP provides this error in the `statusMessage` attribute of the response object.

These are some of the most common errors codes and their suggested workaround:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a"]
|===
| Error | Suggested Fix

> | `finish_reason: length` | See https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text?api-mode=chat#gpt-4-1-prompting-best-practices[Using long context] under GPT-4.1 prompting best practices to understand how to refine your prompts. 

Reviewer: The full error will be `Got finish_reason <finish_reason> from Einstein` but I will look into changing it to ``LLM Generation finished with reason:  <finish_reason>` to keep things consistent. 

Should we also list the `Got finish_reason SPII from Einstein` here as well?

Reviewer: I pushed an update, so we actually will not see `Got finish_reason <finish_reason> from Einstein` as an error msg anymore. We will see 
`LLM Generation finished with reason: <finish_reason>` 

i.e. `LLM Generation finished with reason: length` ,
`LLM Generation finished with reason: SPII`

Author: Thanks, I'm making the updates.

Author: @meshellchoo For the error SPII, should users enable PII masking to avoid it? Or what's the suggested fix?

Reviewer: @Cristian-Venticinque there's no way to avoid/disable it atm 😦 they'll have to use OpenAi's model

| Einstein OpenAI GPT-4o Mini 0718 
 | Fast and useful for focused tasks. Tends to exhibit lazy reasoning. 
 |High
a|* Standard performance 
  * High credit consumption
 | ~4,000 words
a|* Ask the model to not make up information as it might hallucinate. 
  * List of https://help.openai.com/en/articles/8357869-how-to-change-your-language-setting-in-chatgpt#h_513834920e[languages supported] by OpenAI models.
| Einstein GEMINI-20 Flash 001 
 | Best for analyzing images given its lower credit consumption and increased accuracy in this type of documents. 
a| Standard 
a| * Low credit consumption
   * High accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
 | ~6,000 words
a|  * Currently, the GEMINI model does not show an accurate confidence score and is set to 80% by default.
    * For the Einstein generic document action with customized schema, errors such as `LLM Generation was not a valid JSON` might occur. In such cases, create a new generic document action without a customized schema to obtain results.
    * List of https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/models#supported-languages[languages supported] by Gemini models. 
|===

== Model Errors 

> In some scenarios, the LLMs stop generating a response and provide an error code to understand the reason that caused this behavior. If the error occurs during the execution of a versioned document action, IDP provides this error in the `statusMessage` attribute of the response object.

Reviewer: > If the error occurs during the execution of a versioned document action

fyi, it can happen in editor as well. should we remove versioned keyword here?

= Supported Models

Einstein supports these predictive multimodal models: 

include::partial$einstein-model.adoc[tag=einsteinSupportedModels]

> When creating a document action, you can select the model and extraction settings such as PII masking or image recognition. Each model performs differently under various conditions, so select the one that aligns with your specific requirements.
> 
> [%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a,.^a,.^a,.^a,.^a"]
> |===
> | Model Name | Description | Stability | Image Recognition | Prompt Output Limits | Notes 
> | Einstein OpenAI GPT-4o 0806 
>  | Suitable for most tasks, performing well on documents in non-Latin languages. Can compare font sizes and identify certain font styles.
>  |High
> a|* Standard performance
>   * Standard credit consumption
>   * Low accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
>  | ~4,000 words
> a|* Ask the model to not make up information as it might hallucinate.
>   * List of https://help.openai.com/en/articles/8357869-how-to-change-your-language-setting-in-chatgpt#h_513834920e[languages supported] by OpenAI models. 
> | Einstein OpenAI GPT-4o Mini 0718 
>  | Fast and useful for focused tasks. Tends to exhibit lazy reasoning. 
>  |High
> a|* Standard performance 
>   * High credit consumption
>   * Low accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
>  | ~4,000 words
> a|* Ask the model to not make up information as it might hallucinate. 
>   * List of https://help.openai.com/en/articles/8357869-how-to-change-your-language-setting-in-chatgpt#h_513834920e[languages supported] by OpenAI models.
> | Einstein GEMINI-2.0 Flash 001 
>  | Best for analyzing images given its lower credit consumption and increased accuracy in this type of documents. 
> a| Standard 
> a| * Low credit consumption
>    * High accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
>  | ~6,000 words
> a|  * Currently, the GEMINI model does not show an accurate confidence score and is set to 80% by default.
>     * For the Einstein generic document action with customized schema, errors such as `LLM Generation was not a valid JSON` might occur. In such cases, create a new generic document action without a customized schema to obtain results.
>     * List of https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/models#supported-languages[languages supported] by Gemini models. 
> |===
> 
> == Model Errors 
> 
> In some scenarios, the LLMs stop generating a response and provide an error code to understand the reason that caused this behavior. If the error occurs during the execution of a document action, IDP provides this error in the `statusMessage` attribute of the response object.
> 
> These are some of the most common errors codes and their suggested workaround:
> 
> [%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a,.^a"]
> |===
> | Error Code| Error Description | Suggested Fix
> | `length` | The request exceeded the maximum input token limit. | See https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text?api-mode=chat#gpt-4-1-prompting-best-practices[Using long context] under GPT-4.1 prompting best practices to understand how to refine your prompts. 
> | `MAX_TOKENS` | The response exceeded the maximum output token limit. | Split the document or select an OpenAI model for this extraction. 
> | `SPII` | The document potentially contains Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information (SPII).| Delete the conflicting field, or use GPT models to abstract the information.
> 
> |===
> 
> For a complete list of error codes, refer to each of the model provider's documentation: 
> 
> * OpenAI models: https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/completions/object#completions/object-choices[The completion object]
> +
> Click *Show properties* under *choices* to see the details.
> * Google models: https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/python/latest/services?utm_source=chatgpt.com#class-vertexaigenerativemodelsfinishreasonvalue[Finish Reason] 
> 
> == See Also 
> 
> * https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text#prompt-engineering[OpenAI's Prompt Engineering Guide]
> * xref:analyzing-documents-with-einstein.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
= Supported Models

Einstein supports these predictive multimodal models: 

include::partial$einstein-model.adoc[tag=einsteinSupportedModels]

When creating a document action, you can select the model and extraction settings such as PII masking or image recognition. Each model performs differently under various conditions, so select the one that aligns with your specific requirements.

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a,.^a,.^a,.^a,.^a"]
|===
| Model Name | Description | Stability | Image Recognition | Prompt Output Limits | Notes 
| Einstein OpenAI GPT-4o 0806 
 | Suitable for most tasks, performing well on documents in non-Latin languages. Can compare font sizes and identify certain font styles.
 |High
a|* Standard performance
  * Standard credit consumption
  * Low accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
 | ~4,000 words
a|* Ask the model to not make up information to prevent hallucinations.
  * List of https://help.openai.com/en/articles/8357869-how-to-change-your-language-setting-in-chatgpt#h_513834920e[languages supported] by OpenAI models. 
| Einstein OpenAI GPT-4o Mini 0718 
 | Fast and useful for focused tasks. Tends to exhibit lazy reasoning. 
 |High
a|* Standard performance 
  * High credit consumption
  * Low accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
 | ~4,000 words
a|* Ask the model to not make up information to prevent hallucinations.
  * List of https://help.openai.com/en/articles/8357869-how-to-change-your-language-setting-in-chatgpt#h_513834920e[languages supported] by OpenAI models.
| Einstein GEMINI-2.0 Flash 001 
 | Best for analyzing images given its lower credit consumption and increased accuracy in this type of documents. 
a| Standard 
a| * Low credit consumption
   * High accuracy on reading checkboxes in forms
 | ~6,000 words
a|  * Currently, the Gemini model doesn't show an accurate confidence score and is set to 80% by default.
    * For the Einstein generic document action with customized schema, errors such as `LLM Generation wasn't a valid JSON` might occur. In such cases, create a new generic document action without a customized schema to obtain results.
    * List of https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/models#supported-languages[languages supported] by Gemini models. 
|===

== Model Errors 

In some scenarios, the LLMs stop generating a response and provide an error code to understand the reason that caused this behavior. If the error occurs during the execution of a document action, IDP provides this error in the `statusMessage` attribute of the response object.

These are some of the most common error codes and their suggested fixes:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a,.^a"]
|===
| Error Code| Error Description | Suggested Fix
| `length` | The request exceeded the maximum input token limit. | See https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text?api-mode=chat#gpt-4-1-prompting-best-practices[Using long context] under GPT-4.1 prompting best practices to understand how to refine your prompts. 
| `MAX_TOKENS` | The response exceeded the maximum output token limit. | Split the document or select an OpenAI model for this extraction. 
| `SPII` | The document potentially contains Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information (SPII).| Delete the conflicting field, or use GPT models to abstract the information.

|===

For a complete list of error codes, refer to each of the model provider's documentation: 

* OpenAI models: https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/completions/object#completions/object-choices[The completion object]
+
Select *Show properties* under *choices* to see the details.
* Google models: https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/python/latest/services?utm_source=chatgpt.com#class-vertexaigenerativemodelsfinishreasonvalue[Finish Reason] 

== See Also 

* https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text#prompt-engineering[OpenAI's Prompt Engineering Guide]
* xref:analyzing-documents-with-einstein.adoc[]
```
